Dominique Pozo: Okay, I'm hoping this is better. Sometimes I just have to turn my internet often on
Jesse Baca: Yeah, it sounds like it's working.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, good, great. So
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Well, I just want to apologize for tomorrow. I mean, tomorrow, yesterday I
Dominique Pozo: I left and Joan popped you off, and I hope that got resolved with the
Dominique Pozo: With whatever you needed with your medication.
Jesse Baca: I'm picking up picking it up today.
Jesse Baca: Okay, um,
Jesse Baca: Was the quantity infrastructure, since you
Dominique Pozo: And I Pretty sure she did, yeah.
Jesse Baca: Okay, sure. All right. It's getting picked up my girlfriend shaking it up so itch, she's busy at work. So I don't have time to message her and asked her, she picked it up or anything, but she she picked it up, though. I just didn't ask it. Well, when we're there anything like that.
Dominique Pozo: Well, from what I understood john was gonna call the quantity and and as well.
Jesse Baca: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so, so how's it going, it sounds like your anxiety had been pretty high. This last week.
Jesse Baca: Yeah, well not last week. Oh, is is pretty pretty high, though. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: What has something in particular contributed to it be an extra hi
Jesse Baca: Um,
Jesse Baca: I think maybe probation.
Jesse Baca: But, um, it's usually it's pretty high, though most of the time.
Dominique Pozo: Being on probation.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: That's, uh huh.
Dominique Pozo: That makes sense. That seems
Dominique Pozo: Like it, it couldn't do some anxiety for sure.
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So what would you like to address today.
Jesse Baca: I'm
Jesse Baca: Just a way to
Jesse Baca: Maybe a be more organized and be more productive with my time.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so
Dominique Pozo: Let's, um, are you willing to do some drawing it always helps to kind of use other parts of the brain to do these things.
Jesse Baca: I guess you can be drawing. I don't think I have something I just, oh no, I mean, that's our notebook.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So if you could grab that with them a pen and if you have, if you have
Dominique Pozo: Like markers or some sort of color that get those. If not, no worries.
Jesse Baca: Pencils, a little bit of them.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, good, great. Yeah, let's use those.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so put yourself in. So draw circle, please.
Dominique Pozo: And
Dominique Pozo: And really use those colors get get kind of creative with the colors.
All right.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so
Dominique Pozo: Try that circle and then in the center, put
Dominique Pozo: Yourself, however, whatever that looks like whatever symbol represents you whatever colors image, whatever.
Jesse Baca: Alright.
Jesse Baca: Was that again.
Dominique Pozo: So, you know, make a big circle that fills up as much of
Dominique Pozo: The page as possible. Make that circle with whatever color you feel move to make it
Jesse Baca: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, and then put yourself in the center and either, you know, represent yourself with symbols or colors in whatever however you want to represent yourself put you in the center of the circle.
Jesse Baca: Like a drawing of me. Yes.
Dominique Pozo: But it doesn't have to be like, you know, two arms, two legs. Here's Jesse, it can be, I don't know if you're feeling like, or I'll just speak for myself today. I'm kind of feeling like a little snail in a shell. So I would do with the snail in the show, whatever represents you
Jesse Baca: OK, so the circles. I made is big, the page and jaw whatever my I feel my face motion looks like or whatever. I feel
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, you're in the center.
Dominique Pozo: OK. And then, so let's sort of fill that circle with what's most
Dominique Pozo: Important to you.
Dominique Pozo: So what are the things that are most important. And then maybe on the edge of the circle, the things that are kind of important, but they're not like the the core core things that you value.
Jesse Baca: You want
Dominique Pozo: So within the circle illustrate, right, however you want to capture the things that are most important to you that are your priorities and most important your life and on the outside of the circle things that you want.
Dominique Pozo: You know, you want to have in your life, but they're not as important as the ones in the circle.
Jesse Baca: Alright job pitches of it.
Dominique Pozo: Or just write them whatever whatever's easiest for you.
Dominique Pozo: But you have, we've got plenty of time and you have the inner you've got this
Dominique Pozo: Of colors too. So go ahead and use those colors.
Jesse Baca: So what's the difference from outside the circle on enough of a circle, man.
Dominique Pozo: inside the circle.
Dominique Pozo: Is what's most important to you, the things that you value the most outside the circle is like you want them in your life and you could do without it, and they're not as important
Jesse Baca: And I guess I don't, I can't really think of anything right now, but I guess that's far as I can get.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so do you want to show me what you've done.
Jesse Baca: Sure. Just. All right.
Dominique Pozo: I can't see.
Jesse Baca: Another
Jesse Baca: Oh, I'm trying to reverse camera by determine
Jesse Baca: If it's even focusing at all.
Dominique Pozo: Gosh, it's really hard to see. So, I mean, this is most of this is for you. Really, so why I did this was as you start, you know what, what was your original intention for the session you wanted to
Dominique Pozo: Create something
Jesse Baca: Or I'm trying to create something then
Dominique Pozo: Sorry, a broken up. I can't hear.
Jesse Baca: I can
Dominique Pozo: Gosh, it's all broken up. Can you hear me.
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: I wonder, wonder if we take off our videos now. There you are, I believe, your original intention was to create more
Dominique Pozo: I think you are saying, I'm sorry I I lost it. I, I, I wanted you to do this exercise so that we could address what you originally wanted to address, which I believe was it to make a schedule or to have. What did you say the beginning of this session, Jesse. I apologize.
Dominique Pozo: Can. Are you there. Can you hear me.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, you just popped on enough
Dominique Pozo: So I had to do this exercise to hopefully help you to get more clarity and clarify what your original intention was. And then I'm gonna just be a little transparent. I did not sleep well last night and I'm exhausted today. So, my mind is not as sharp as it usually is.
Dominique Pozo: And I think in the beginning of the session you named wanting to did you say you wanted to create more of a schedule or have a better
Dominique Pozo: Something, what did you
Jesse Baca: Just be more productive. That's my time and just
Jesse Baca: Scheduled better
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, so, so from this this drawing that you did with what's most important to you. And then what's more in the periphery.
Dominique Pozo: What do you think, how can you imagine that would be helpful in creating a better schedule for yourself. Does that help, does it help to map out what is important to you.
Jesse Baca: Might the exercise, you told me to do is
Jesse Baca: What's important to me.
Jesse Baca: I don't see like
Jesse Baca: Hello.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I'm here, I I All I heard was, I don't see, and then you got broken up.
Jesse Baca: What's important to me, what's not important to me. That's what you're trying to show me.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I'm just trying to maybe give you some guidance as you create a you know a better schedule to be more productive.
Dominique Pozo: Really looking at, okay, what are the most important things. How can I, how can I focus on that. And what would that look like and then those other things that are on the outskirts maybe
Dominique Pozo: They get woven into your into your schedule to be productive or not it. This is hopefully to help you kind of sift through the, the, the aspects of your reality.
Jesse Baca: Yeah, plus can be a lot bigger though by just having anxiety just dealing with people.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. From, from a scale of one to 10 one being not very much 10 being very much. So where's your anxiety in this moment.
Jesse Baca: Nine out of 10
Dominique Pozo: It's nine. Haha. Okay.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: What um can you identify what what's contributing to the anxiety.
Jesse Baca: Just everything
Jesse Baca: Everything.
Jesse Baca: I guess I was like
Jesse Baca: I'm just not motivated to do anything. I can't do anything at all.
Jesse Baca: And now I feel like someone's going to judge me or something. But I know you're not going to be judging me or anything like that.
Dominique Pozo: I just I just
Jesse Baca: I'm not going to get my quality of life is not really good
Jesse Baca: Have no quality of us.
Dominique Pozo: Let's start from a little maybe pocket of quality. Is there any little thing that you can identify in your life that actually is.
Dominique Pozo: Has some quality and some meaning for you.
Jesse Baca: Other than improving this off for the attendee GED classes and barely going to be starting and
Jesse Baca: I don't have anything. Yeah.
Jesse Baca: I'm lacking is not an enjoyable.
Dominique Pozo: So,
Jesse Baca: Go ahead.
Dominique Pozo: No, go ahead. Go ahead.
Jesse Baca: I tell my psychiatrist this and my therapist this, but it's just not really getting anywhere we are getting some places, though. But just like medications is just not healthy.
Jesse Baca: But
Jesse Baca: You know,
Dominique Pozo: Nothing shifting
Jesse Baca: Well, it's not shifting
Dominique Pozo: Oh, I'm just reflecting back to you what I'm hearing is that nothing's really shifting. Is that accurate.
Jesse Baca: He sounds about right. Yeah, the terminology. Sounds about right.
Dominique Pozo: Well, what would it look like if it did shift. What would that look like
Jesse Baca: Um,
Jesse Baca: mockery have more energy, just like motivated. I'm not motivated, like I want to be motivated
Dominique Pozo: Well, what
Dominique Pozo: inside that circle. What, what can you just share with me two or three things that have a lot of meaning to you that you put inside the circle because really I mean that's
Dominique Pozo: What motivates them.
Jesse Baca: Just like I'm
Jesse Baca: Just like I like to learn like a lot about technology and stuff like that.
Jesse Baca: I'm
Jesse Baca: Just, I want to learn how to protect production. I love reading about stuff like it sticks to me like whatever I'm interested in, but from just, you know, just reading by my thoughts.
Jesse Baca: And
Jesse Baca: I like plantings. But mine is clapping his youth in
Jesse Baca: Like just planting and just see like I work
Jesse Baca: You know, just, it's not like
Dominique Pozo: Like planting a garden.
Dominique Pozo: planting plants not
Dominique Pozo: Gone into that.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, yeah.
Jesse Baca: Yeah, not gardening or nothing, just like time
Jesse Baca: Just plant a tree and everything.
Jesse Baca: Like other plants up and rescue plan.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm. So
Dominique Pozo: So it sounds like there's sounds like there's a number of things that kind of have your attention and get you excited, and I'm wondering if that's not enough to motivate you.
Jesse Baca: It is to motivate me I find the GED classes, though.
Jesse Baca: I don't think I don't think I said the right word, not more motivated, but like
Jesse Baca: I I've had a good motivation, like, really good. I just I can't concentrate. I can concentrate like you get stuff done, like, you know, like this.
Jesse Baca: Obviously, if I'm not like motivated and I'm not doing any I meant for some interesting with that you know you're not humans are not interested in something, you know, I'm of course I'm interested in things that does not have anything to do with being motivated
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so it's not really
Dominique Pozo: It's not motivated sounds like more it's it's more your attention that you can't hold your attention on something.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So,
Dominique Pozo: Did she say that you are getting some tests done
Jesse Baca: Yeah, any test on yeah stuff.
Jesse Baca: For like guess like autism or something like that, but
Jesse Baca: Like a lot, it's really complicated because I'm getting tested but this real real testing is going to be like it just like a long waiting list for it. Okay. And I don't have the best insurance.
Jesse Baca: You know, not all free insurance and insurance and I'm translated into weight and plus just probably already like waiting once for
Jesse Baca: Like autism testing and everything like that. The testing. I want to give me getting now it's just to see if or is it worth even getting into testing for autism and it's even worth doing that. No, I mean, I'm
Jesse Baca: I'm pretty sure it's really intensive
Jesse Baca: Happening, you know,
Jesse Baca: I don't know if that makes sense.
Dominique Pozo: It does. Yep. And I mean, I'm kind of wondering too. If you're having problems focusing if there's some attention deficit going on.
Jesse Baca: I don't know.
Dominique Pozo: Because it sounds like sounds like there's motivation and your Spirit wants to do things. But there's something cognitively that's that's in the way or hindering you
Jesse Baca: I've had learning disabilities, when I was younger.
Jesse Baca: Like a lot like in retrospect, like a lot down a lot farther down the timeline, like I've had a speech therapy problems and stuff like that like
Jesse Baca: Speech therapy.
Jesse Baca: Cognitive Therapy. Whatever, I don't know. Well, yeah.
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: And are there any areas in your life or with your studies actually you you don't experience a challenge is there.
Jesse Baca: My studies.
Dominique Pozo: Yep. And I guess in your life to, like, is there some some area that you do engage in, and you actually don't feel the struggle or the
Dominique Pozo: like something's not enough.
Jesse Baca: Not enough not enough.
Jesse Baca: Like
Dominique Pozo: Like you're, you're not able to engage enough with it because it sounds to me that there's a number of things that you enjoy yet you're not able to engage enough to a point that satisfied for you or something like this.
Jesse Baca: Um,
Jesse Baca: I don't know, maybe I just
Jesse Baca: I don't know what you mean, like, I really do want to do this.
Jesse Baca: I really do you want to be successful.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, yeah, I'm just trying to understand. So I so I can, you know, think of things to prompt you to hopefully make some shifts that you don't feel like you're getting nowhere with this.
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Jesse Baca: I'm
Jesse Baca: I don't know if has anything to do just be having anxiety because I'm already diagnosed with
Jesse Baca: Depression PTSD, which is like anxiety, I think, which is PTSD would be like depression and anxiety. I don't know.
Jesse Baca: Diagnosis of PTSD depression.
Jesse Baca: So,
Jesse Baca: I mean, some people are misdiagnosed for years. I don't know.
Dominique Pozo: I don't
Jesse Baca: Think I don't think I have. I don't think I'll have ADD. I think doing anything.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Well, it sounds like the anxiety is taking your attention away from whatever's before you because your, your mind's going kind of in a loop around whatever it's saying like, what, what is the loop, maybe right now. You know you named your at nine a bit ago. Are you still at night.
Jesse Baca: What
Dominique Pozo: As far as your level of anxiety. That's what I heard, I heard you say a nine about
Jesse Baca: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: Where are you at in this moment.
Jesse Baca: Like nine still
Dominique Pozo: You still okay so
Jesse Baca: Yeah, it's pretty like I don't know, maybe like eight, nine, like a good yeah it's bad. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So what's the way if there's like a story or thought that's that is continuing to to roll around in your mind. Can you name that
Jesse Baca: Did a song rolling around in my mind.
Dominique Pozo: Nope, thought not a song I thought
Dominique Pozo: What's
Jesse Baca: A negative towards myself. Like, why aren't you doing anything with your life and
Jesse Baca: Why I'm like negative things about myself.
Dominique Pozo: So it sounds like they're kind of putting you down or self defeating thoughts.
Jesse Baca: Yeah, putting myself down and I've been told not to be so hard on myself.
Dominique Pozo: I mean, I think I would imagine that would be probably part of the first step is starting to to reprogram your mind because you have this
Dominique Pozo: Have you heard much about like the neural pathways in the brain and how that works.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, so, so you're probably familiar than that you have these entrenched pathways that are telling you these negative things and it's it's a very easy road for your thoughts to go down.
Dominique Pozo: And really the key to making change is to create new neural pathways and it takes time. It's not going to happen overnight, but it takes time to catch oneself. When you start going down that road of, like, oh,
Dominique Pozo: I should be this should be that I'm not doing this and not do not whatever the story is
Dominique Pozo: When you catch yourself doing that. Can you write down maybe three replacement phrases that could put another spin on where you're at. Currently in your life so that you have some
Options.
Jesse Baca: Sure, I got three replacements off.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Sure. What are they
Jesse Baca: On you can get through this. You're smart anxiety can't control what you do.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so do you have those written anywhere. And so that you can see them in plain view around your house.
Jesse Baca: Sure, I can do that.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I'm going to invite you right now to make three signs that are however big you want them or small but make them so that you can put them up.
Dominique Pozo: Because I think this is the beginning of every pattern in your brain or nothing's going to change. You know, if you just keep going through your days and you let those negative thoughts control you, nothing's going to change. It's really going to take
Dominique Pozo: replacing them with something new.
Jesse Baca: Um, alright,
Dominique Pozo: So you have all these colors if you feel inspired to use the colors really make this make this alive. You want it to catch your attention and you want it to be something that your eyes. Keep going to so that you can start to tell yourself a new story.
All right.
Jesse Baca: Drop you later.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Why, why will you have to read, rather than later.
Jesse Baca: Because it's not good. I know I can draw it way better later.
Jesse Baca: Not gonna have junk lodge my room like that and they won't make me feel better.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. So maybe this isn't the time then to take the time to make the signs. What do you think
Jesse Baca: Sounds like a good thing to do. I think that's really, that's really awesome.
Jesse Baca: I don't know why I haven't thought of that. Maybe that's why you have this job.
Dominique Pozo: I guess I'm just, I'm I'm my worry is that you won't do it later. And so that's why
Jesse Baca: I want you to do. Oh no, I'm not taking this seriously like
Jesse Baca: If, if that's what you think that's fine. I, it sounds like a really good idea.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, I'm not. This is nothing personal. I think I just know I'll even speak for myself. I'll have you know these these prompts for my therapist and because I have the time with her. I, I follow through and I do it, and sometimes
Dominique Pozo: She'll prompt me and I won't do it after the
Dominique Pozo: Session. I just get caught up in life and I let like
Jesse Baca: I'll do, I'll do this right now though.
Jesse Baca: Well, I'm going to redo this better. And I think it has some blank canvas Kevin says throughout canvas around that are like, way better. They're like, you can like Safari or Crayola acrylic painting. It's not my stuff though, but she says I can use it whenever
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
Jesse Baca: It's this stuff right here. They're like just sitting here, not being used at all. That's good texture on it.
Dominique Pozo: Great. Yeah, you can pay
Jesse Baca: I'm just not said I'm going to review it later though if you stay here.
Jesse Baca: Gonna look way better later. And it's and I don't have time just to be wasting people's time Mustaine that
Jesse Baca: Because if I was doing that and, you know, just like I'm running out of time right now and I need some I need something to do to change my life so I'm not going to be changing my life and then why am I even doing anything.
Jesse Baca: Like it's gonna be good, though.
Jesse Baca: Like I'm concerned for myself. Like if I don't do something. Now I'm going to go on a rampage, and like on myself and just just end it.
Dominique Pozo: Hmm.
Jesse Baca: And I'm really concerned about that.
Dominique Pozo: Oh yeah, to be been having thoughts of have ended.
Jesse Baca: He was in the back of my mind. Don't have time or anything like
Jesse Baca: Make him doing something right now, you know,
Jesse Baca: Doctors like Dr. In the therapist and trying to make
Jesse Baca: I'm like, it's not that is the most famous right there, it's always going to be there unless I make those new like like rewire my brain like this rewire it like like how you said it's just it takes time to do that.
Dominique Pozo: It does, but I'm really hearing that you're, you know, you're receptive to the idea of it and that you do want the change. So you're willing to at least give it a go.
Jesse Baca: Oh yeah, it's gonna and I can take I have time
Jesse Baca: And I appreciate it.
Jesse Baca: And this is actually a really good idea, though, because I'm going to be looking at it every day. I mean, like, every day that I wake up and it's going to be there.
Jesse Baca: And it's going to be telling my subconscious mind and my conscious mind like if there's, you know, I'm trying. I don't know if that makes sense.
Dominique Pozo: It does. And it's, you know,
Dominique Pozo: I just think it speaks to the power of, you know, the power that we have
Dominique Pozo: To make change. It's all
Dominique Pozo: It's all within us. It's just, you know, really.
Dominique Pozo: Committed to it. And there's the saying that our input becomes our output. So if you are looking at these these messages daily that input, it starts to become your output, things are going to change. I really, I really believe it.
Jesse Baca: Amazing to me.
Jesse Baca: Okay, I got you.
Jesse Baca: And the other day I got
Jesse Baca: I'm working
Dominique Pozo: Jesse are all broken up. I don't know why I can't hear what you just said. You said something about the other day, but I didn't catch it.
Jesse Baca: The other day. Oh yeah, the other day I was, I knew how to rear camera. No, but just for the
Jesse Baca: English make it like people it's not you know like what they don't make it very, very
Jesse Baca: Very
Jesse Baca: Streamlined at all.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, well,
Dominique Pozo: So did you finish those messages are you still working on them.
Jesse Baca: Are done. That's what I'm trying to camera video camera going
Jesse Baca: On
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
I don't know what it
Jesse Baca: is fun. This is fucking being
Jesse Baca: Know you probably can't see.
Dominique Pozo: I can't see it. I cannot. What does it say
Jesse Baca: You can get through this.
Jesse Baca: And use it to control me
Dominique Pozo: Huh. Great. So, where, where can you imagine placing them talk me through it. Where are you going to put those each one
Jesse Baca: Each
Dominique Pozo: One each side of the room. Okay, great.
Dominique Pozo: So until you work with the canvases. Do you want any color do you want to make them pop out a little bit so they catch your attention and actually give you some energy
Jesse Baca: Yeah, I was gonna do bubble lettering and color the background with it and maybe do some
Jesse Baca: Some symbols around it on the back side of it on the canvas.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Jesse Baca: Maybe I could look up some ideas more make up my own ideas.
Jesse Baca: This thing going just talking to
Dominique Pozo: You think what
Jesse Baca: Just reverse the camera to your camera is fucking stupid and I can't believe who made this
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, it's it's really distracting for me too. I'm you're like getting broken up and then it's going to this J. And then it's black. And then here you are again, it's okay. This is fine. I can see you. It's all good.
Dominique Pozo: Whatever you're doing now is working.
Dominique Pozo: I just I want to keep doing a little check in here. So where are you at with hearing society one to 10 one being not not at all, hardly any at all 10 being off the charts, where you
Jesse Baca: Say about like seven or eight just cuz I know the days and Mandarin and I can get you by my reading my researching stuff.
Jesse Baca: I was watching videos about some some weird stuff like about area 51 and stuff like that, that I was working there and stuff and how they're reading therapists are reading his body language if he was lying or not.
Jesse Baca: Hmm, and and
Jesse Baca: And I've been studying by the body language to
Dominique Pozo: What do you, what do you learning about it.
Jesse Baca: There's a
Jesse Baca: Body language do the confidence, you know, grabbing my shoulder like this, you know, I'm trying to relax offices.
Jesse Baca: my mouse over my hands like this. This is like
Jesse Baca: Seeing it
Jesse Baca: Out there and you're trying to like push the case.
Jesse Baca: Something or just
Jesse Baca: I just can't remember anything around I'm having a migraine. I know.
Jesse Baca: Rather me. Okay, Kevin. Oh, yes.
Jesse Baca: But it is a lot of things I'm barely just been reading about it just
Jesse Baca: Happened, you know, stuff like that.
Jesse Baca: I'm trying to find the campuses.
Jesse Baca: Right.
Jesse Baca: All right.
Dominique Pozo: Let's take a moment with that self soothing so that holding yourself, can you are you willing to just sit down and do that for for a few minutes.
Dominique Pozo: And as you did that.
Dominique Pozo: That looks like a really comforting thing, putting your hand on your shoulder.
Dominique Pozo: And just taking some deep breaths.
Dominique Pozo: You're broken up. I can't see you.
Dominique Pozo: There. Yeah, sure, sure if that feels good, wherever it feels good, putting your hand, wherever it feels comforting and
Dominique Pozo: Really taking a few deep breaths and feeling that feeling into the sensations.
Dominique Pozo: Maybe the mood that comes over you.
Dominique Pozo: When you do this and and really moving your attention to your breath.
Dominique Pozo: Feeling that breath of life, moving through you and then the warmth of your head, your shoulder.
Dominique Pozo: Or your arm, wherever you want to put it
Dominique Pozo: Wherever, wherever wherever feels good. It can be anywhere there's no there's no right way to do this.
Jesse Baca: Much money back.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so go ahead and do that. And just, just take some deep breaths noticing that contact
Dominique Pozo: Noticing yourself in space being held supported
Dominique Pozo: Paying attention to the sensation. So really bringing your attention away from the mind more to the moment, a moment of what's happening.
Dominique Pozo: And then from this place feel your feet on the ground.
Dominique Pozo: And just speak. One of the phrases. One of those three phrases that you wrote just speak it right now.
Dominique Pozo: Jessie.
Jesse Baca: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: I'm having a really hard time hearing you.
Jesse Baca: My phone
Dominique Pozo: Did you were you able to do that. Were you able to just take a moment and and speak. One of the phrases that you wrote
Dominique Pozo: One of those three phrases that you're going to put up on your walls.
Jesse Baca: Server taking me off.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Oops.
Dominique Pozo: Are you there, Justin.
Jesse Baca: Yeah. Can you see anything.
Dominique Pozo: Now I can see you. Yeah. Now I can see
Jesse Baca: I have a four bars and 4G, and I updated it auto a
Jesse Baca: Few days ago.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I'm not sure what's going on. I'm like, I have full buyers and
Dominique Pozo: There's anyways. It doesn't matter where it's coming from. Something's happening. It's not really flowing. So I think
Dominique Pozo: I think let's let's bring the session to a close to just take a few more deep breaths. And I don't know if you heard my last invitation, but it was from this place of
Dominique Pozo: You know, you, you're hopefully taking some deep breaths and your nervous systems, getting regulated and then my invitation is to speak to voice. One of those
Jesse Baca: Heard last of each other.
Dominique Pozo: So the last thing I said was to see if you're willing to speak. One of the phrases that you wrote
Dominique Pozo: I can't hear you. The
Dominique Pozo: Connection is so poor.
Jesse Baca: You do really, really bad and I don't know.
Jesse Baca: Yeah, we don't know. Never, never, friend. Oh.
Jesse Baca: Uh huh. Let's
Dominique Pozo: Look, I think it's, I can't even hardly put together what you're saying. At this point, let's, let's look at the calendar together. Do you, would you like to meet on the third at the same time.
Dominique Pozo: The third at 6pm. Does that work for you.
Jesse Baca: Yeah, mine is going to be in June.
Dominique Pozo: That will be June 3 yes June 3
Jesse Baca: Six o'clock. He said, right.
Dominique Pozo: 6pm yeah
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, Jesse. You see, you see you in group next week.